Visual k8s cluster mapping tutorial - new screenshots (#126)
otterize/docs: docs/quick-visual-tutorials/visual-k8s-cluster-mapping.mdx

#### Blocking status

> Note that the locks themselves are yellow, indicating that you could now turn on enforcement and blocking not intented clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the services themselves are yellow, indicating that access would be blocked if protection were enabled.
```
@sapirwo Yellow actually means would be blocked, so it's not safe to turn on enforcement at this point!

> Similarly, all the thick connecting lines between the services are yellow: Client calls would be blocked if enforcement were turned on. If one were red, that would tell you it is blocked, as you might have guessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, all the connecting lines between the services are yellow: Client calls would be blocked if the services were protected using a `ProtectedService` resource, however would not be blocked if enforcement were merely on. Click any line to see this.
```

Reviewer: @sapirwo Can you add a screenshot here to show the explanation on the edge, showing that if the service is protected, then it would block?

> Click on a service, e.g. the payment service:

Reviewer: Add the edge I requested in the above comment, and replace this service. As it is the product (not the guide) is confusing, since it says enforcement would block, but it actually wouldn't since there are no intents. Enforcement would still be off for this first since only the first intent would cause it to get enabled.

So we need to either explain that here (or in the cloud, but this is out of scope for this PR), or not show it (which I think is better), and instead show the edge which has a better explanation.
